Add braze docs for microsoft fabric (EA on 12/12) (#8609)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/data_and_analytics/cloud_ingestion/integrations.md

There may be two to five minutes of warm-up time when Braze connects to Classic and Pro SQL instances, which will lead to delays during connection setup and testing, as well as at the beginning of scheduled syncs. Using a serverless SQL instance will minimize warmup time and improve query throughput, but may result in slightly higher integration costs.
{% endalert %}

{% endtab %}
{% tab Microsoft Fabric %}
1. Create a service principal and allow access to the Fabric workspace that will be used for your integration.   

> 2. In your Fabric workspace, set up the table(s) or view(s) you want to sync to Braze.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In your Fabric workspace, set up the tables or views you want to sync to Braze.   
```
